docs: Move N4A FAQ content to docs (#537)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-azure/monitoring/enable-monitoring.md

2. In the navigation pane under **Settings**, select the **NGINX monitoring** section.
3. Turn on the **Send metrics to Azure Monitor** setting.

## Review metrics

Once you have enabled monitoring, you can view the metrics using the Azure portal or the Azure Monitor API.

{{< note >}} NGINX Agent periodically gathers connection and request statistics using an internal HTTP request. An Azure service health probe checks for status using a TCP connection for each listen port in the NGINX configuration, incrementing the connection count for each port.

This contributes to minimal traffic and should not affect these metrics significantly, but you might see an unexpected ammount of connections and requests.{{</note>}}

> {{< important >}}If some of your deployment's metrics are intermittently missing in Azure monitor, it may indicate that the deployment's underlying compute resources are being exhausted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< important >}}If some of your deployment's metrics are intermittently missing in Azure monitor, it may indicate that the underlying resources for your deployment are being exhausted.
```

> Monitor the `system.cpu` metric to see the deployment's CPU utilization. If it's nearing 100%, consider increasing the deployment's NCU capacity. See the [Scaling Guidance]({{< ref "/nginxaas-azure/quickstart/scaling.md" >}}) documentation for more information.{{</important>}}

Author: ```suggestion
Monitor the `nginxaas.capacity.percentage` metric to see the deployment's resource utilization. If it's nearing 100%, consider increasing the deployment's NCU capacity. See the [Scaling Guidance]({{< ref "/nginxaas-azure/quickstart/scaling.md" >}}) documentation for more information.{{</important>}}
```
